Add README.md to the ladder/teams directory explaining how team management works (#198)
cilium/community: ladder/teams/README.md

# How Cilium Org Teams Are Managed

> Each Cilium org team that wishes to self-manage its team membership can do so using this directory.

Reviewer: What exactly is a Cilium org team?

Author: githubism 
I'll look at the ladder language and see if i can normalize

Author: I added some more text at the top to disambiguate

> Each team can establish a file in this directory managed by the CodeOwners system with the assistance of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each team can establish a file in this directory managed by the CODEOWNERS system with the assistance of 
```

> the Org admins (or duly deputized members of the org tasked with helping initiating team self-management). 

Reviewer: It might be helpful to clarify here who the org admins are

Author: I'm trying to avoid naming individuals, as this would potentially make this file inaccurate if admins change for some reason.  I guess i can see if I could use a github URL link to the admin list.

Author: I have a link to org owners list now. I think that is the best i can do.. until there is a dedicated team for this. And I added some text to make it explicit that you can open a PR to start the process of getting a new file.

Author: I think i have this addressed now iwth a link back to other community repo readme.

On merge into the main branch (after appropriate approvals and review) GitHub automation 
will propogate updates from the team files into the Cilium Organization's team membership using the GitHub API.

> ## Are You a Team Member or a Mentor? Choose, but Choose Wisely.

Reviewer: I'm guessing everyone would start as a team member then maybe move to mentor so I'm not sure this is really a choice at the beginning?

> With membership comes both priviledges and responsibilities.  One of the responsibilities of being on an active Cilium team member is 

Reviewer: Can we link to the contributor ladder here and use the same terminology as there? I think you mean to say active Cilium Reviewer?

Author: I can do that

Author: I added some preamble at the beginning to try to make it the difference between Project Team and GitHub team clearer.
I need to add the specific link backs to other community repo docs with another commit.

being available for automatic pull request review assignment for files owned by that team. 

Over time as contributors transition from one team to another inside the project, while not active on a team any longer, 
their historic experience may be needed to help review proposed changes with functionality they have insight into.  In these cases these 
individuals can be added to the team's mentor list. Mentors are no longer part of the auto-assigned PR review rotation, but they can still keep team 

> approval access.

Reviewer 2: I'd probably add something also to this effect:
```suggestion
approval access. Mentors of a team are expected to provide guidance to others in the team and seek reviews they should participate in for the code owner area.
```

Reviewer 2: To be fair, I think this is largely covered already by the [reviewer ladder description](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md#reviewer), but it becomes more critical for mentors to keep an eye out to help if GitHub is not auto-assigning reviews to them.

> approval access. Mentors of a team are expected to provide guidance to others in the team and seek reviews they should participate in for the code owner area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
approval access. Mentors of a team are expected to provide guidance to others in the team and add their reviews when requested or needed.
```

Author: @joestringer added that sentence as a suggestion so I'm not sure if that changes the sense too far as to expectations on mentors. I think what Joe was trying to convey is active mentors are still intended to show a modicum of initiative and not just wait for requests.

Reviewer 2: Yes, I'm expecting initiative from mentors. Broadly this is intended to ensure that "mentors" help carry the load of project maintenance when they are removed from PR auto-assignment.

I observe that each code owner group receives various PR requests with different levels of complexity and design impact. Typically as contributors become more senior in the project, they are involved in more different areas. This increases their general workload. Such contributors may not need to provide input on lower complexity PRs for us to make good decisions. In order to better balance the needs of the project around code owners and also balance the workload for mentors, I would like mentors to focus on the PRs where they can make an impact. Therefore I expect that mentors should seek out PRs with high complexity or design impact and provide reviews there when needed, even if the GitHub tooling does not ask them for this.

Reviewer 2: I think that "when ... needed" does technically capture when mentors should be involved, but the way it is worded makes the initiative aspect more ambiguous. Given that by default the expectation is "GitHub tells me when I need to look", and mentors will remove this signal of when they're needed. I am not going to monitor every PR and assign complex PRs to mentors, I expect mentors to find them by themselves. Of course in many cases, contributors may realize when something needs mentor insight and pull in mentors as well.

Reviewer 2: Maybe the "mentor" naming already captures this pretty well and between that + `needed` phrasing it's good enough. I'm just cognizant that we are now defining the meaning of this new role and will need to discuss / communicate with the community about the idea in order to make sure we land on a common understanding of the role.

Author: words are hard.
If mentor is the wrong word. We still have time to change it. Its not in use yet. I can yq magic whatever word we want in this file back to 'mentor' in the file that is consumed in the sausage factory that noone sees.

Reviewer 2: Mentor is the strongest candidate I could come up with. For more context and some rough brainstorming around the concept as well as alternative names, see [this CFP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-x6w1zqaauxn3Wpjf_MzABfbDMXQY0BOFCNu2cKvJoY/edit?tab=t.0#bookmark=id.j35ky9ejzr6h).

Author: This is the last outstanding suggestion.  Not sure how to resolve this to everyone sanctification. I'm leaning towards leaving it as is.

Author: given that Bill has approved this PR without integrating this suggestion, I'm assuming he's okay with the text as it is for now. If thinking around expectations around the new concept of mentor status evolves, this file can be updated.

Closing this as resolved.

## Don't Forget to Set Your GitHub Status
When active team members are not available for an extended period of time (for example they are on vacation for several days), 
they are encouraged to set themselves as busy in their [GitHub status](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#setting-a-status). 

Note: Not everyone should be busy all at the same time on a team if it can be avoided. Cilium Team Management automation puts 
some guardrails on this and lets the organization know if there aren't sufficient number of reviewers. Admins (or someone 
delegated to keep tabs on this) will periodically check to see if teams are meeting the expectations of number of people 
available for review assignment and will reach out to teams if there appears to be a chronic shortfall.

## Team File format

Each team that wants to self-service their team members (and mentors!) can have a file in this directory named `TEAM_NAME.yaml`
The file contents as the form of
```
members:
 - username_01
 - username_02
 - username_03

mentors:
 - username_02
 - username_04

> ```

Reviewer 3: This is likely to be copy-pasted as a template, so I'd maybe add comments directly in the example too:

````yaml
# Team members with rights such as commit and approval.
# They participate in automatic Pull Requests reviews rotation,
# unless they also are listed as mentors below in this file.
members:
 - username_01
 - username_02
 - username_03

# Contributors with experience in the team area.
# They don't have team rights such as commit and approval,
# unless they are also listed as members above.
# They are never part of the automatic PRs reviews rotation.
mentors:
 - username_02
 - username_04
````

Author: yes agreed, will update

Author: i should have addressed this in latest commit

In this mockup team file, `username_02` is both a member and a mentor and would be excluded from auto-assignment of PR reviews, but would 
have other team rights such as commit and approval for changes to files owned by this team.

> `username_01` and `username_03` are active team members particiating in the automatic PR review rotation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`username_01` and `username_03` are active team members participating in the automatic PR review rotation.
```

`username_04` is listed as a mentor, but not a member. This is here as recognition that historically the person participated in the team 
and is willing to be contacted for historical experience when needed, but doesn't have normal team member access to approve.

> Listing non-active members as mentors is a way to keep institutional knowledge as to who provide insight about code functionality to newer 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Listing non-active members as mentors is a way to keep institutional knowledge as to who provides insight about code functionality to newer
```

(Also, nit: you have a bunch of lines in the doc with trailing whitespaces)

> Listing non-active members as mentors is a way to keep institutional knowledge as to who provide insight about code functionality to newer 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Listing non-active members as mentors is a way to keep institutional knowledge as to who historically provided insight about code functionality to newer 
```

Reviewer: I think it would make more sense to go to a mentor than a non-active member and that's what I'm trying to convey here.

Reviewer 2: I think "non-active" is also doing a bit of work here, maybe making this less clear than it could be. The way I think of it is when someone's primary focus is no longer in this area, not that they won't respond to questions for instance.

# How Cilium GitHub Teams Are Managed
The Cilium project makes use of GitHub teams to help enforce responsibility boundaries with regard to the project codebase here on GitHub.
GitHub teams loosely map groups of [contributors](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md) to the Cilium Project as either reviewers and/or committers, focused on a portion of the codebase. [GitHub teams](https://github.com/orgs/cilium/teams) used to manage code access and review responsibilities.

For example, the Cilium Project Code team, may require multiple GitHub teams in the Cilium GitHub organization to self-organize their work. 

> These multiple GitHub teams will be composed of contributors at different steps along the contributor ladder: organizational members, reviewers, and committers.  

Reviewer 2: One more - GitHub teams are typically given write privileges and therefore org members are generally not placed on individual teams. In the strict sense, there is a GitHub team in the organization called "Organization Members", and this correlates to the list of names in the "members.yaml" file. But all other teams defined in this repo are for reviewers of specific areas of the Cilium project, mostly under cilium/cilium (as defined by the CODEOWNERS file in that repo).

Reviewer 2: I guess the text is accurate but could be a bit misleading. That is, I would strongly consider whether an org member could join a specific team because for each file under `ladder/teams`, the members listed are expected to be reviewers right now. Therefore adding someone to one of those teams is actually promoting them up the ladder, with corresponding expectations and privileges. We can probably just leave this as-is since the most likely readers of this are reviewers anyway though.

> For example, the Cilium Project Code team, may require multiple GitHub teams in the Cilium GitHub organization to self-organize their work. 
> These multiple GitHub teams will be composed of contributors at different steps along the contributor ladder: organizational members, reviewers, and committers.  
> The different GitHub teams have different permissions, corresponding to the level of code access needed by the members of that team. 
> 
> Cilium GitHub organization team memberships can be self-managed by making use of team membership configuration files in this directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cilium GitHub organization team memberships can be self-managed by making use of team membership configuration files in this directory.
These  teams will be composed of contributors at different steps along the contributor ladder: organizational members, reviewers, and committers.  
The different GitHub teams have different permissions, corresponding to the level of code access needed by the members of that team. 
```

Reviewer 2: Strictly speaking the last sentence here begs some more questions about what those permissions are and how they're configured, but I don't think that's critical to resolve right now.

# How Cilium GitHub Teams Are Managed
The Cilium project makes use of GitHub teams to help enforce responsibility boundaries with regard to the project codebase here on GitHub.

> GitHub teams loosely map to groups of [contributors](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md) to the Cilium Project as either reviewers and committers, focused on a portion of the codebase. [GitHub teams](https://github.com/orgs/cilium/teams) are an implementation detail in how code access and review responsibilities are organized and are not a 1 to 1 mapping to [Cilium Project teams](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-ROLES.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub teams loosely map groups of [contributors](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md) to the Cilium Project as either reviewers and committers, focused on a portion of the codebase. [GitHub teams](https://github.com/orgs/cilium/teams) are an implementation detail in how code access and review responsibilities are organized and are not a 1 to 1 mapping to [Cilium Project teams](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-ROLES.md).
```

> GitHub teams loosely map groups of [contributors](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md) to the Cilium Project as either reviewers and/or committers, focused on a portion of the codebase. [GitHub teams](https://github.com/orgs/cilium/teams) are an implementation detail in how code access and review responsibilities are organized and are not a 1 to 1 mapping to [Cilium Project teams](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-ROLES.md).

Reviewer 2: I think we can reduce confusion by just referring to the items in the `CONTRIBUTOR-ROLES.md` as roles and not as teams.
```suggestion
GitHub teams loosely map groups of [contributors](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md) to the Cilium Project as either reviewers and/or committers, focused on a portion of the codebase. [GitHub teams](https://github.com/orgs/cilium/teams) are an implementation detail in how code access and review responsibilities are organized and are not a 1 to 1 mapping to [Cilium Project Roles](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-ROLES.md).
```

If we describe them as roles, I'm not sure whether we need to be explaining that "teams are not roles" in the first paragraph. But it's probably detail worth having in this file somwhere.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GitHub teams loosely map groups of [contributors](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md) to the Cilium Project as either reviewers and/or committers, focused on a portion of the codebase. [GitHub teams](https://github.com/orgs/cilium/teams) used to manage code access and review responsibilities.
```

> For example, the Cilium Project Code team, may require multiple GitHub teams in the Cilium GitHub organization to self-organize their work. 

Reviewer 2: In practice the "Cilium Project Code team" is not really something we actively maintain; it's more of a virtual designation for a category of contributors. That role just explains some expectations for some contributors, specifically committers who actively work on code, but we don't track a list of these anywhere or assign special permissions or responsibilities.

Overall I think this doc would probably benefit from just ignoring roles to start off with because roles are for the most part not encoded in these teams.

Reviewer 2: To expand on the above: Roles are designated in the `roles/` directory as markdown files, and aren't part of this directory or any of the corresponding automation.

Author: This was added to address @xmulligan suggestion to tie this back to roles language.
Since this directory is in fact under the ladder directory and github has no concept of ladder in its implementation language. There an ambiguity around the word "team" that is both a high level project concept and a github implementation specific concept.  

In effect what we are really doing is using a whole bunch of GitHub subteams, teams within teams, to implement permission boundaries that make sense for our contributor ladder divisions.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I didn't realize there was review discussion about that.

Reading through the text, I don't think we need an example at this stage of the explanation, this specific sentence about the code team removes clarity rather than adding clarity. I'll post some suggested amended text to tie in the rest.

Reviewer 2: I see "ladder" and "teams" as somewhat orthogonal concepts. There is the general ladder of how we see different contributor's level of involvement in the project. Then for the most part when someone becomes a reviewer or higher on the ladder, they gain the privilege to join a specific team with specific permissions.

I'd probably put the ladder in one directory and teams under a different top-level directory if the directory hierarchy is creating confusion here.

> These multiple GitHub teams will be composed of contributors at different steps along the contributor ladder: reviewers, committers, organizational members.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These multiple GitHub teams will be composed of contributors at different steps along the contributor ladder: organizational members, reviewers, and committers.  
```

The different GitHub teams have different permissions, corresponding to the level of code access needed by the members of that team. 

Cilium GitHub organization team memberships can be self-managed by making use of team membership configuration files in this directory.

> Each Cilium GitHub team can establish a file in this directory managed by the CODEOWNERS system with the assistance of 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each Cilium GitHub team can establish a file in this directory managed by the CODEOWNERS system with the assistance of 
```

It's a bit odd to state that a team can create a file in this directory. The team doesn't exist until the file exists in this directory.

I wonder if this particular case would be better documented under a new section for creating and deleting teams. Then we could also expand on the expectations for these. This PR can help provide some insights into that: https://github.com/cilium/community/pull/182 .

Reviewer 2: I meant to also state that creating / removing teams could be a separate addition to the doc. I think that this PR is already (a) documenting what exists + (b) introducing the mentor concept, so it would be easier to get the core wording in place first and then iterate on top for stuff like team changes (which is a much rarer case in practice)

Author: Actually not true. The team can exist.. in the private full team management configuration. 
So i'm envisioning initial team creation being still github org admin tasking, because you'll probavly need to touch the base team management config with potentially an initial group of members in the base config and then CODEOWNERS config for that team gets setup as part of that.

And then that team becomes self-service with the introduction of the file in this directory.

Reviewer 2: I think it would simplify this doc if we only inform readers how to create a new team. The case where there's some existing team that maybe exists somewhere but isn't defined by this repo should be the exception and people involved in those teams should already be well aware of how that works (or at least communicating frequently with the core maintainers).

the Cilium GitHub organization [admins](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/ADMINS-FOR-CILIUM.md) (or duly deputized members of the org tasked with helping initiating team self-management). 
You can submit a PR against the Community repository to start the process to request a new team configuration and the correct Cilium contributors should be pulled into review.

Changes to files in this directory, when merged into the main branch (after appropriate approvals and review), 
will propogate via GitHub API automation and be reflected in the Cilium GitHub Organization's [teams](https://github.com/orgs/cilium/teams).

> ## GitHub Team member and mentors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## GitHub Team Member and Mentors
```

> With membership comes both priviledges and responsibilities.  One of the responsibilities of being on an active Cilium GitHub team member is 
> being available for automatic pull request review assignment for files owned by that GitHub team. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With membership comes both privileges and responsibilities.  One of the responsibilities of being on an active Cilium GitHub team member is 
being available for automatic pull request review assignment for files owned by that GitHub team. 
```

Over time as contributors transition from one GitHub team to another inside the project, while not active on a team any longer, 
their historic experience may be needed to help review proposed changes with functionality they have insight into.  In these cases these 
individuals can be added to the team's mentor list in the team configuration file here. Mentors are no longer part of the auto-assigned PR review rotation, 
but they can still keep team approval access. Active Mentors of a team are expected to provide guidance to others in the team and seek reviews they 
should participate in for the code owner area.

## Don't Forget to Set Your GitHub Status

> When active team members are not available for an extended period of time (for example they are on vacation for several days), 
> they are encouraged to set themselves as busy in their [GitHub status](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#setting-a-status). If your status is busy GitHub will skip you to the pull request review rotation for the teams you are on.

Reviewer 2: nit: It'd be nice to do a full scan of the text to write it in the way as though this document is talking directly to the reader. Example:

```suggestion
As an active team member, if you are not available for an extended period of time (for example, you go on vacation for several days), 
set yourself as busy in the [GitHub status](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#setting-a-status). If your status is busy GitHub will skip you to the pull request review rotation for the teams you are on.
```

available for review assignment and will reach out to teams if there appears to be a chronic shortfall.

## Team Configuration File Format

Each Cilium GitHub team that wants to self-service their team members (and mentors!) can have a file in this directory named `TEAM_NAME.yaml`
The file contents as the form of
```
# Team members with rights such as commit and approval, as appropriate for the team.
# They participate in automatic Pull Requests reviews rotation,
# unless they also are listed as mentors below in this file.
members:
 - username_01
 - username_02
 - username_03

# Contributors with experience in the team area.
# They don't have team rights such as commit and approval,
# unless they are also listed as members above.
# They are never part of the automatic PRs reviews rotation.
mentors:
 - username_02
 - username_04
```

In this mockup team file, `username_02` is both a member and a mentor and would be excluded from auto-assignment of PR reviews, but would 
have other team rights such as commit and approval for changes to files owned by this team.

`username_01` and `username_03` are active team members participating in the automatic PR review rotation.

> `username_04` is listed as a mentor, but not a member. This is here as recognition that historically the person participated in the team 
> and is willing to be contacted for historical experience when needed, but doesn't have normal team member access to approve.
> Listing non-active members as mentors is a way to keep institutional knowledge as to who historically provided insight about code functionality to newer 
> members on that team.

Reviewer 2: I think this is trying to re-explain the mentor role again and we should probably just keep the info in this section restricted to the formatting rather than the explanation. The previous sections already described what a mentor is, so if that original text is insufficient then let's fix it. Otherwise let's just drop the explanation here. 
```suggestion
`username_04` is listed as a mentor, but not a member. This person doesn't have normal team member access to approve. However, this can be useful to document who may have historical insight into code functionality owned by this team.
```

When active team members are not available for an extended period of time (for example they are on vacation for several days), 
they are encouraged to set themselves as busy in their [GitHub status](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#setting-a-status). If your status is busy GitHub will skip you to the pull request review rotation for the teams you are on.

Note: Not everyone should be busy all at the same time on a GitHub team if it can be avoided. Cilium Team Management automation puts 
some guardrails on this and lets the Cilium project know if there aren't sufficient number of reviewers. The GitHub organization owners (or someone 
delegated to keep tabs on this) will periodically check to see if teams are meeting the expectations of number of people 
available for review assignment and will reach out to teams if there appears to be a chronic shortfall.

## Team Configuration File Format

Each Cilium GitHub team that wants to self-service their team members (and mentors!) can have a file in this directory named `TEAM_NAME.yaml`
The file contents as the form of
```

> # Team members with rights such as commit and approval as a appropriate for the team.

Reviewer 3: Typo: `as a appropriate`

Author: :man_facepalming:

# How Cilium GitHub Teams Are Managed

The Cilium project makes use of GitHub teams to help enforce responsibility
boundaries around read, write and maintain permissions for repositories here on
GitHub. GitHub teams track the membership groups of
[contributors](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md)
to the Cilium Project. [GitHub teams](https://github.com/orgs/cilium/teams)
used to manage code access and review responsibilities.

You can manage Cilium GitHub organization team memberships using the team
membership configuration files in this directory. These teams represent

> contributors at different steps along the contributor ladder: organizational

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contributors at different steps along the contributor ladder: organization
```

(or duly deputized members of the org tasked with helping initiating team
self-management). You can submit a PR against this Community repository to
start the process to request a new team configuration and the correct Cilium
contributors should be pulled into review.

Changes to files in this directory, when merged into the main branch (after
appropriate approvals and review), will propogate via GitHub API automation and
be reflected in the Cilium GitHub Organization's
[teams](https://github.com/orgs/cilium/teams).

## GitHub Team Member and Mentors

With membership comes both privileges and responsibilities.  One of the
responsibilities of being on an active Cilium GitHub team member is being
available for automatic pull request review assignment for files owned by that
GitHub team.

Over time as contributors transition from one GitHub team to another inside the
project, while not active on a team any longer, their historic experience may
be needed to help review proposed changes with functionality they have insight
into.  In these cases these individuals can be added to the team's mentor list
in the team configuration file here. Mentors are no longer part of the

> auto-assigned PR review rotation, but they can still keep team approval access.

Reviewer 2: The relevant text follows:

> Active Mentors of a team are expected to provide guidance to others in the team
and seek reviews they should participate in for the code owner area.

Ultimately these people are still just reviewers with the same rights and responsibilities of reviewers per the [Contributor Ladder](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-LADDER.md#reviewer). One key difference is that rather than having automated systems ping the mentor, we expect the mentor to seek out ways to help. I think the text already reflects that.

(I realize that "mentor" might have some other implications, and I'd be open to discussing those. I mulled over several possible role names for this thing but each name always has its own baggage/implications, so it's hard to pick a good one.)

> auto-assigned PR review rotation, but they can still keep team approval access.

Reviewer 2: I dug around in my archives and found an earlier iteration of the text here, maybe this will help to share more of the background thinking:

> These members can also approve changes in the area, but they are excluded from regular review. The intent is to allow experienced members to delegate more within the group while taking more responsibility for guiding the culture of the group. They are likely to be more senior members of the community such as committers, who split their time on a range of different topics. They may focus more on reviewing CFPs, or on filling gaps in knowledge by reviewing PRs when the PR requires deeper review or when personally requested rather than through automatic load-balanced reviews.
> 
> The intent I am going for here is to target people who:
> - Are committers
> - Have detailed experience in the area
> - May be responsible for a wider range of things, so cannot focus as much time in this area
> - Are happy to be available to be pulled in on reviews as necessary and for critical issues (example: subtle change with high impact; security issues; CFPs)
>
> Furthermore to balance their responsibilities, these people:
> - Are not expected to be part of the regular rotation for review assignment
> - Are not required to play a leadership role in organizing the group (such as meetings, tracking issues, leading discussions), but they would be a good candidate to help facilitate this if there is desire within the group.

Active Mentors of a team are expected to provide guidance to others in the team
and seek reviews they should participate in for the code owner area.

## Don't Forget to Set Your GitHub Status

As an active team member, if you are not available for an extended period of

> time (for example, you go on vacation for several days), set yourself as busy
> in the [GitHub status]. If your status is busy GitHub will skip you to the pull
> request review rotation for the teams you are on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time (for example, you go on vacation for several days), set your [GitHub status]
as busy. If your status is busy GitHub will skip you during the pull
request review rotation for the teams you are on.
```
